{
    "title": "The Story Behind How I Woke Up in a Seaside Russian Village One Morning",
    "date": "2019-08-30",
    "body": "I found a plane ticket to Russia in my hand at 12:03 am in the center of a crowded international airport. How did I get here? My fiance would soon be oceans away with our wedding approaching in just a few short months. My job was officially on hold for 2 months while savings would provide a means for living. Quite frankly, I had found a safe place to live approximately a week before this moment. After New York, there could be no more phone calls, no internet, no connection from my American phone to anyone or anything familiar. Dollars were in my pocket without a Russian ruble in sight. I wasn't even sure if I remembered Russian. \"How did I get here\" is a fair question.\n\n\nI had a dream.\n\n\nWhen I was 11 years old, I fell in love. Perhaps eleven is young to find love in a person, but I fell in love with a place. By the time I was 13, I had planned exactly how I would spend my time living in Saint Petersburg, Russia, engaged in several years of Russian culture and language courses, and was obsessed with anything and anyone Russian. Young LaRae would have eagerly boarded a plane to Russia in less than a heartbeat if I found in my hand a ticket to Russia departing tomorrow. This younger LaRae would have no second thoughts about putting a great job on hold, telling a fiance goodbye for 60+ days just months before the wedding, or whether or not her phone would work in Russia. She was a dreamer. The mysterious magesty of Russia, Russian, and Russians obsessed her creative mind.  Russia's miles of thick forests, grand royal palaces, handcrafted nesting dolls, towering artistic cathedrals, works of art from every time and place imaginable, wintery fairytale snowfall, boiling purple borsch, and a people of a rich history saturated with strength, tragedy, and victory. What happens to the dreamer within each of us as we \"grow up?\"\n\n\nThere will always be a reason why pursuing our deepest, darkest, or wildest dreams will be inconvenient, inappropriate, or impossible. It's time to excuse the excuses. This is your life and you've got one good shot to make your mark. You can wake up one day in your late 80's wondering how you got there without skydiving, scuba diving, asking her to marry you, eating chocolate, or travelling Russia. ...Or you can decide now to do the things that make you feel truly alive. The kind of things and experiences and people that humankind lives for. \n\n\nWe can barely comprehend the doors that swing open by trading our reasons for why our dreams are impossible for ways to let them tell us \"I'm possible.\" The same letters that we allow to deny us a chance to truly live also spell an invitation of the broadest possibilities from our dreams themselves. It all depends on how you look at them.\n\n\nAt 19, I was beyond utterly ecstatic to go to Saint Petersburg, Russia for the first time as a supervised volunteer, and I could have settled by justifying that this experience counted as my dream to independently travel throughout Russia. That would have been convenient, but the price to pay for that convenience would have been trading my dream for it, settling for less than I knew I really wanted.\n\n\nAs a 22 year old university graduate of just 3 months, would flying to live in the far away land of Russia be inconvenient for continuing a great paying 8:00am-5:00pm job, inappropriate in the eyes of many with first world living standards, or even impossible considering my fiancé, bank account, or comfort zone? Absolutely. \n\n\nBut would this chance to finally live my dream of over 10 years be worth it? Would living the rest of my life without the regret of never leisurely strolling through the gardens of Saint Petersburg be worth it? Would hearing the stories of the Russian people face to face and feeling with their sincerity be important enough learn Russian? Is a cost of the plane ticket at least equal to finding your heart in a culture you now consider home? Is waking up every day knowing I am pursuing my wildest dream since childhood, realizing that the world is so much bigger and the universe much more generous than we give them for, and living to the fullest of my potential on this planet WORTH it? Times that \"absolutely\" by ten and add one hundred to that total. Because this is MY DREAM.\n\n\nWhat do you really want? What do you really truly want? What is life telling you is possible? Are you okay with falling short of satisfaction one day after another without end for the sake of convenience, protocol, and your comfort zone? What would empower you to wake up every morning thrilled to start a new day doing what you love and thrills you more than anything else? What would your life be like if impossible spelled \"I'm possible\"? Do you dare to dream? Ask yourself, what is your dream and is it worth it? \n\n\nIf the answer is yes, drop everything holding you back, and buy your ticket.\n\n\nWelcome aboard the flight \"Life by LaRae.\"  Buckle up tight because it's going to be a wild ride.",
    "caption": "I found a plane ticket to Russia in my hand at 12:03 am in the center of a crowded international airport. How did I get here? My fiance would soon be oceans away with our wedding approaching in just a few short months. My job"
}